python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 0 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2 --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 1 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 2 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2 --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 3 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 4 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 5 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 6 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 7 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 8 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 9 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 10 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 11 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 12 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2 --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 13 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 14 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 15 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2 --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 16 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 17 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 18 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 19 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2 --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 20 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 21 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 22 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 23 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
python scripts/mock_tools/addsys.py --realization 24 --tracer QSO_ffa --mockcatver v2  --add_regressis y --add_regressis_ran y
